The Premier League (PL) is the highest division of football in England, consisting of 20 Teams who play 38 matches each season. In the 90s and
00s, the league was dominated by Manchester United, with the only other contenders being Arsenal and Chelsea. However, they have had a lack of 
success since their manager for 25 years, Sir Alex Ferguson, retired in 2013, they have not won the PL since. Arsenal could be considered to be
in a similar state, while Chelsea have had successful seasons since then, even winning the Champions League in the 2020/2021 season.
Manchester City, Liverpool and Chelsea have been quite successful in the last decade. We can analyse the league over time and see how these
teams have changed and how that has affected their success using the attributes shown in figure 10.

The results are shown in figure 15 alongside the variables plot. 

The 09/10 season in figure 15e forms a cluster high up the second principal component, which corresponds to attributes such as long passes and
crosses. The other two seasons correlate more with the first principal component, which has attributed such as short passes and dribbling, The 15/16
season is between the 09/10 and 21/22 season and the teams blend in with the teams in the 21/22 season. This could highlight a transition occurring
in the teams playing styles, especially considering the fact that this was the season when Jurgen Klopp joined Liverpool, one of the current most
successful teams in the league. As stated earlier, the most successful teams in the PL in the last 30
years are Manchester United, Arsenal, Chelsea, Liverpool and Manchester City. In the 09/10 season in figure 15b, the standout teams are Chelsea,
Manchester United and Arsenal, who formed a unique cluster. The first two are in the top right of the plot, suggesting these teams played long passes,
crosses and through balls more often per game relative to the other teams, where as Arsenal adopted more of a passing and through balls approach.
While the top teams standout, the rest of them are clustered in green near the bottom left. The teams also appear to be in a linear trend, from the
bottom left to the top right. The decrease in the number of teams following this trend shows the increase in quality of the teams as well as the general
standings at the end of the season. The 15/16 season shows the most diverse clusters out of the 3 seasons, with some teams playing a similar style to 
09/10 and some adopting different styles. Arsenal, City and Liverpool have all adopted a passing and possession style of football, since they are placed 
far along the first principal component. Unexpectedly, the winners this season were Leicester City, who
